1. get error msgs to work (in case of unsuccessful login etc).

2. get redirecting to work (at login) >> redirect back to the wanted page instead of the front page!

3. try to implement factory pattern and see if i then can use this-> everywhere.

4. restructure files and folders so that controllers and models are mirrored in the views;
      t.ex. Model Class name is also a name of a folder within the views folder which in turn
      includes all views connected with this Model and coresponding Controller.
      
5. find a way to allow certain markup in the forum (like <p> and <h3>)

6. figure out what to do with all the direct access control (if(!isset($visited)) die('No direct access allowed!');). 
  It seems to be causing a whole lot of trouble. So THINK IT THROUGH!
  
  Seems to be fixed. Needs more testing though. Thanks to CI

7. WYSIWYG - make editor switching work on other pages than just forum add post and edit.
 
8. USER MENU
  a. if user doesn't have priviliges to add blog posts, (can only post on the forum), 
    hide blog options in the top menu. 
  b. clicking on the user's name should link to some account management page 
    not user's non-existant blog page.
    
9. FORUM
  a. If the author of the first post in a thread chooses to change the title 
    it's not reflected in the thread title though it should.
    
  b. If a user chooses to start a new discussion from within a forum category
    thread category should be set to the one user started from.
    
  c. Consider reSTRUCTURing forum and thread classes:
    perhaps merging them wouldn't be such a bad idea.
    
  d. There is a clear confusion in what methods do and their naming. Lots of getters
    set data, not only get it.
    
  e. If the category number provided doesn't exist sth should be done to avoid getting errors.
  
  f. if( in_array ) checks should be run on:
    - $_GET['cat']
    - $_GET['uid']
    and run from the controller.
    
  g. thread_list_header should be manage in a better way. Perhaps it would even be 
    better to create a separate view for the front page and for category views.
    
    h. clicking on Start New Discussion when not logged in should redirect to the login page.
    
    i. The add new post/thread page should be a separate view. Possibly it could recieve 
    	a parameter to pre-select category if the link to the page was clicked from 
    	within a category page. It should NOT include list of all discussions in 
    	the particular category.
    
10. CSS
  a. Fix CSS for the blog part which got messed up after adjusting view of the forum.
  
11. STRUCTURE
  a. Introduce global-config to be able to set use of different modules, like forum, blog, ajax, 
    set page title, css, perhaps page_error.
    
    Page class contains a config array, but is it necessary?
  
  b. To modularise:
    - forum
    - blog
    - ajax functionality
    - login functionality
    - session management - move from index.php to a helper or config file
    
  c. Fix error system
  
  d. Find a solution for including footer other than adding it from index.php.
  
    Fixed in 3.99.02, might still need some attention.
    It's not a good solution. Try including it from Page or Controller class.
    There should be a proper system managing header/content/footer rendering 
    and it shouldn't be in every particular controller. Rather more abstract 
    in a parent class.
    
	e. All view method calls should be moved from Model to Controller.
	
	f. Instead of creating solution to every page that might not exist within 
		every possible controller and model there should be an overall system
		that takes care of it by checking if page exists and if not redirecting
		to error page (403 or sth).
		
	g. Models should not refer to $_GET nor $_POST (or similar) arrays.
    
12. SQL
  a. Rewrite all SQL to SP/Funcs.
  
13. PAGE
  a. header should be renamed to sth like viewHeader/setHeader.
  
14. OOP
	Avoid naming methods the same within different classes and call one from inside the other!
	Yes, it creates an infinite loop.
	

15. Fix MarkItUp error with jQuery and $ not being defined - try HTML5 Boilerplate solution.